vmui: show hidden common labels in group name (#8517)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): support AWS EKS Pod Identity. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5780) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): improve performance of `or` binary operator. The performance was degraded in [v1.111.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.111.0). See [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7759) and [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8382) issues for details.
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): expose `vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time taken to send alerts to the specified `-notifier.url`. Thanks to @eyazici90 for [the pull reuqest](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8468).

> * FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): show hidden common labels in the group name. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8031)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): move legend customization settings, such as `Hide common labels` and `Table view`, closer to the legend area. This change should improve UX and make it easier for users to adjust legend visualization. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8031)
```
